If we want to create our own tests,
we can go through and create test
files inside of the Cypress folder,
inside of the integration folder and
create a new file called test.js.
Now Cypress uses JavaScript files and the
syntax may be similar, but they have a lot
of their own stuff as part of these tests,
I can start off by creating my test.
When we're writing our tests with
Cypress, if you're not familiar with
Cypress or other test suites, the
syntax and the language may be a
little bit foreign to you at first,
but it gets easier as we go along.
So Cypress bundles together, Mocha,
Chai, and jQuery to build its tests.
And we start off by describing
our tests that we're writing.
Now, this is a description for people.
So this is where we're looking
to make something easy for people
to read and understand what it
is that we're looking at here.
Then we are going to go through
and describe an action that we
want Cypress to do before the test,
for example, to visit our webpage.
So we want it to visit
our localhost web page.
Then we're going to start to go through
and start to describe our actions
and the tests that we're checking.
So, first of all, we're going to go
through and check that it contains
"My Testing Blog" in the title.
So the meta title of the page should
contain the phrase "My Testing Blog".
Inside of that, we're going to create
the function for the test to let
Cypress know what we're testing and
here we're using cy.title, so the
title that Cypress gets back should
contain "My Testing Blog", this is the
assertion that we're testing against.
it should contain the
phrase, "My Testing Blog.
Similarly, we can then go through
and check if the blog page
contain posts in the blog feed?
Now here we can use, similar to jQuery
fetching CSS, selectors we can get the
".feed" element, and inside of that,
we want to find an article element.
So I want to make sure there's at least
one article element inside of the feed.
Next I want to make sure that
each of the posts contain a title.
So it's going to go through and get
every HTML article element and inside
of that article element, I want it
to then fetch a h2, which is what I'm
using for the title of each article.
I then wan it to check that
I can access my blog posts by
clicking on the article title.
I'm just going to test
the first one this time.
Going to go through
and get "article h2 a".
So inside of an article, we want a h2,
and inside of that, we want an anchor tag.
I'm just going to get the first
one, because it will give me
a list of multiple elements.
I want to get the first one and I
want to click on it and make sure
that will go through to another page.
So now if I open up my Cypress
test suite, again, we can see, we
now have the test.js file here.
If I click on that, that will then go
through and it will run it in the browser.
So we can see here, it's
jumping through the tests.
First check contains "My Testing Blog" in
the title and it's expected and it does.
So that's all good.
Then it checks that it contains posts
inside of the blog feed.,there's
the feed and there are the
articles, so that's all good.
Then it checks that each
post contains a title.
So each of the article h2, each of them
has a title and then it checks if you can
access the posts via the article title?
So we go through and we get the
articles, the links inside of
the articles, get the first one.
So that's just the first blog
post here, and then click on it.
And when that's clicked on it, that's
then gone through to the blog posts and
that has access to the new page here.
So we can then go through it and we can
click through and we can have a look
and see where each of the tests are at
and what elements it's found in them.
So we can see all of
those tests have passed.